# Welcome to Code for Vegas on Github!
Our brigade is rebooting, but come on in...

## About Code for Vegas

The Code for Vegas brigade took a very long break beginning in
February 2016, but is presently rebooting and will, if all goes to
plan, re-join [Code for America](https://codeforamerica.org) some time
in 2022. We began the process by engaging with some of the people who
oversee Community and Brigades at Code for America, in February 2022,
so we are just at the beginning (as of this commit).

In the mean time, our local tech and non-tech scene is as alive as
ever, which makes now a great time to get involved with making Las
Vegas and surrounding areas a great place to live or visit. One way to
do that is to join this effort and work with municipal partners and
our local communities to identify where we can make a difference, and
then make that difference happen!

This is an inclusive organization from top to bottom. In fact, you can
participate even if you have never and don't want to write Code.
Non-technical contribution to your community is not only encouraged,
but it is **essential.** If you are reading this and do not use
Github, you are still quite welcome to join in, and please share that
sentiment with your neighbors, friends, and family!

We are still getting things up and running, including our first
community hackathon at the end of March, so come back often and check
in on where we are, and you see something you would like to contirbute
to or work on, well, check it out!

## Join our Mailing List

We are assembling a mailing list to keep those interested in the loop,
without needing to sign up for a Meetup or Github or some other
account. We will not spam you, we will not sell your contact
information, you may opt out at any time.

If you would like to be added to the mailing list, please send an
email to

[AddMe @ CodeForVegas.org](mailto:addme@codeforvegas.org)

## Stay Tuned!

Our website and more information about all plans, projects, and
participation are coming soon!


To be continued...

Dan Hugo (and others to be named sooner and later)
